Clarify the method of selecting several lines for commenting in PR. (#33001)
github/docs: data/reusables/repositories/multiple-lines-comment.md

> 1. Optionally, you can add a comment on multiple lines. You can click the line number of the first line you want to comment on and drag down to select a range of lines, then click {% octicon "plus" aria-label="The plus sign icon" %} on the last line you want to comment on. Alternatively, you can click {% octicon "plus" aria-label="The plus sign icon" %} next to the first line you want to comment on, then drag down to the last line you want to comment on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Optionally, you can add a comment on multiple lines. You can click the line number of the first line you want to comment on and drag down to select a range of lines, then click the blue comment icon on the last line you want to comment on. Alternatively, you can click the blue comment icon next to the first line you want to comment on, then drag down to the last line you want to comment on.
```
